greenmail or greenmailing is the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the target firm to buy . 
greenmail or greenmailing is defined as the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the target firm to buy . 
the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the target firm to buy is the definition of greenmail .
the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the target firm to buy is the definition of .
the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the target firm to buy is greenmail .
the practice of purchasing enough shares is the definition of greenmail .
is the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the owners to buy . 
greenmail or greenmailing is the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the owners to buy . 
greenmail or greenmailing is the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the owners to buy those shares back . 
greenmail or greenmailing is the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the owners to buy those shares back at a premium . 
greenmail is the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the owners to buy those shares back at a premium in order to stay in business .
greenmail or greenmailing is the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the owners to buy those shares back at a premium in order to stay in business .
greenmail is (corporation) the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the owners to buy those shares back at a premium in order to stay in business .
greenmail or greenmailingis (corporation) the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the owners to buy those shares back at a premium in order to stay in business .
(corporation) the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the owners to buy those shares back at a premium in order to stay in business is the definition of .
(corporation) the practice of purchasing enough shares in a firm to threaten a takeover and thereby forcing the owners to buy those shares back at a premium in order to stay in business is the definition of greenmail .
greenmail greenmail greenmail greenmail greenmail greenmail greenmail greenmail greenmail greenmail .
greenmail .
based on the results from the above contexts , I started to think that what matters is to have a long context with the target word at the end which is greenmail . 
putting greenmail , which is our target word , to the beginning of a sentence does not seem to help .